---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: My WODs Experience
date: 2021-09-07
labels:
  - Student
  - Learning
---

When I started BrowserHistory1 WOD I thought it was going to be easy just from experiencing it in class. The first couple steps was alright but when it was getting to the basics of creating a website. I thought that all the steps were easy until it was to creating the table of contents. I did not remember how to put bulletpoints and add a usable url to those words. I eventually tried to figure it out myself and when I hit the DNF time I went to the screencast for a solution and watch all the steps in order to improve how add those components to my code. It was frustrating to be making these simple mistakes on not remembering how to do basic functions but eventually its a learning process. I then did it another 3 times till i got it down. The second WOD BrowserHistory2 was probably one of the most frustrating because it took a couple hours to understand why it was not loading as I just had to wait for all the changes to go through as it was not live refreshing. I thought that this was not as hard as I thought it would be as the screencast helped a lot when it comes to understanding CSS styles. Lastly WOD BrowserHistory3 was one of the worst I think I have dealt with because the formatting was the issue as it continuously did not change the formatting on my page and then again I would have to wait for a while in order to change formatting. Some of the code was not being read correctly as it caused some of the issue. The screencast was able to solve my problem very quickly and easily.