---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E6 Post Assignment 3
date: 2021-12-12
labels:
  - Student
  - Learning
---

1.Briefly describe your system (e.g. A store selling Pokemon game cards)
My system is a store that sells computer equipment ranging from hardware to peripherals.

2.Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented?
At first there were many problems with the shopping cart because the way that I had my shopping cart was to take array of arrays to display and modify the shopping cart. My options became limted as I needed figure out a way to modify items without changing only 1 array which would mess the arrays and not give the right quantities. That was the main problem I had in my system.

3.Describe what you are most proud of about your system:
I think the most proud thing about my system is that it works. That is the only that I am produ of.

4.Describe what you are least happy with your system:
I think the main thing I am least happy with my system would be the design of my shopping cart was the thing that I was not expecting to do but because how I took the data from the pages is what forced me to do it this way.

5.How was developing this assignment different than assignment #2?
Developing this assignment was real different because I think assignment 2 was harder because I was still learning how to pass information around to different pages and when it come to assignment 3 it became fairly easier.

6.When you ran into a problem, what did you do to address it?
Whenever I ran into a problem I would usually search the web to find solutions but also implementing console.logs everywhere to find out what the issue was and occasionally asking professors for help.

7.Describe what worked well in doing this assignment?
I think that my understanding of passing information around from page to page helped me understand this assignment well and it became fairly easy after knowing how to do that.

8.Describe what did not work well in doing this assignment?
I think that main thing that did not work well during this assignment was the numerous errors I had because it was hard to understand what I was doing but after reading into my problems more it helped me gain an understanding.

9.What did you learn from doing this assignment?
I learned a lot about coding on how to code assignments and mainly passing information around.

10.If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you change?
If i could go back in time I would spend a lot more time in understanding how to do code before digging deeper into a language.

11.Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging
Every category took a lot of time to do as all my time was put into this. 

12.Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself) and explain briefly your rationale for the percentage breakdown. Be sure to include an overview of what specifically you and your partners contributed (e.g. “I worked on the security and my partner 1 worked on personalization”)
Throughout all 3 assignments I didnt work with a partner as I wanted to understand what I was doing which was the main reason why I did it by myself but also the class was online so that was another factor.