---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Reflection on Assignment 2 
date: 2021-11-30
labels:
  - Student
  - Learning
---

I learned from this assignment that coding the website was very difficult with the amount of time we had to make a perfect website under little time. The more code we put into this assignment tend to be more time consuming because it took a lot of time finding out solutions to broken codes. I did not work with a partner with this assignment, I found help by searching the internet for possible solutions to find out what I can do or cannot do. The main thing I needed help with is understanding what are my limitations when coding and what I need in order for the code to work this is hard becase have no prior coding experience I do not understand what I can do to provide a working webiste. This assignment took more time in understanding query-strings and how it can be used to pass around data. 95% of the time was spent thinking about how to do something because I still don't understand how to code properly and it was countless hours finding solutions to my codes. I think that I spent countless days thinking about how to do it, writing the code, and testing and debugging. It was more time consuming than I have thought it would be. I think that my whole project was difficult and there was a lot of things that did not work well. As validation did not work for unknown reasons but the logic was there and keeping a live inventory was difficult was well because I simply did not know how to do it. I would definitly figure out more ways to add these attributes.